all right we're here at the opening out
in Oregon day to afternoon session with
South Carolina linebacker commit Matt
Rolin one of the top players in all of
Virginia really all the mid-atlantic
region Matt take us back to May when you
committed to South Carolina what really
led you down the path to Columbia my
family connections there you know my
life isn't my grand dad played their
family lives 10 minutes from the campus
so that was hard to you know I could
give up and not go if I couldn't go
there but um also you know the
opportunity to play early they're
graduating 656 linebackers i think it is
and i think the day I walk on campus
something about third-string compete for
a spot so those probably two main things
and leave himself not a lot of people
know about those ties to the school how
old were you when you went to your first
South Carolina game actually I've never
been to South County game but I've been
going to South going on my grandparents
house in cells probably like two so only
watching games or watching TV been at
yourself never been to a game that when
are you going to hit your first game
there I'm gonna go the georgia game for
my official i think you picked a good
one that's ago now uh you know so many
kids commits early and then maybe waiver
a little bit later on and want to take
other visits will you take other visits
are you a hundred percent I'm a hundred
percent South Carolina I'm not taking
any other visits did other schools give
up on you though or some of them still
trying to get that visit Tennessee's
dark room and for the state's premiere
for the art of matters about that too so
what do you tell those schools when they
you know when they try to get you to
visit and you know how difficult is it
to basically say I'm you know you know
it's not to give them at sometimes a
little response once and that's concrete
I messed up but Sir times all let me say
you know thanks for giving me the
opportunity one hundred percent South
Carolina just the place I like I dad at
the opening this week you're competing
really against the best of the best I
know this is an event that a lot of the
kids really anticipated so for you what
can you take out of this experience what
can you you know learn from this and
makes you a better player that's a great
experience coach is great simple of the
game speeds a lot different
used to it so that that's speed of the
game and I'm playing a lot of sec
players here so I get used to that speed
but i think i'm competing real well
doing real overall now last last year
football you know you want to get ready
for the next level what are going to be
your areas of focus you know to become a
better player this fall um I'll say help
me get my speed up a little bit running
about a 46 put on a little bit more
weight i'm about to 15 right now maybe
but to my graduate about 2 30 other than
that just learn to read the offense and
i read what the quarterbacks going to do
bass drops that's about it ok last
question Matt it's South Carolina class
so far the commitments that you you've
seen you've watched their film who
stands out to you what do you think of a
class overall who stands out to you um I
said lorenz Brian I mean him actually
real close now ma'am and Devon watch you
know a great time with them but I stayed
low rent stands out and what should take
of the class as a whole I think we got a
great class coming a laptop guys come on
we're working on Brendan Langley here
eyes on my 7 17 10 been working on them
but uh that's we have so far is real
good all right that's it South Carolina
linebacker commit Matt Rolin one of the
better players in the entire country
thanks man